Dtedder/402 docs and release notes updates (#476)
Esri/dynamic-situational-awareness-qt: docs/DataManagement.md

**Contents**

> [Creating a configuration zip file](#creating-a-configuration-zip-file) | [Using custom configurations on mobile platforms](#using-custom-configurations-on-mobile-platforms) | [Migrating DSA data used prior to the 2.0.0 release](#migrating-dsa-data-used-prior-to-the-200-release) | [Manually configuring multiple app configurations using the DSA Configurations file](#manually-configuring-multiple-app-configurations-using-the-dsa-configurations-file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Contents**

[Using custom configurations on mobile platforms](#using-custom-configurations-on-mobile-platforms) | [Migrating DSA data used prior to the 2.0.0 release](#migrating-dsa-data-used-prior-to-the-200-release) | [Manually configuring multiple app configurations using the DSA Configurations file](#manually-configuring-multiple-app-configurations-using-the-dsa-configurations-file)
```
